Write a story of how this played out write in a perspective creepy pasta using the fact of what happened with igor, and it is a true best selling book Written by Pan and Dionysus of their brothers awakening by curse of a mad god. My story is a story of awakening.
Similarities between Progress of Igor & myself and how it came back. Post this in everyway possible. 
Remember how story changed repeatedly and any flimsy excuse was used.
Start with Affirmation, 
To those who know Always shine always sparkle and always be magic.
Use story to claim domain over the curse in the queer comunity and give credit to elder system. 
Explain how they resemble schizofrenia if you are not spirtually and mgicallally attuned.
They will shift their demands and what is being said and lie to you, 
The pillars of authority in the different aspects act as gate keepers
THe Lies used to cover up, and being called a psychopath
Rember the bullshit artists, and the assholes that were involed.
If they tell you they work for enchanted air tell them to fuck off cause you are going postal.

I saw Alisha on the bus coming home the day that Rapheal called the police because I had tooth paste on me

RESPECT ONLY THE AUTHORITY OF THE NATURE AND THE WILD
BE GOOD STEWARDS
All Paths Lead Home
Finding Your awakening should never require suffering 
Add Misdirect about the committee and writing a story
Remember to discuss how elders in the gay community.
This small thought starts as a superstition
Drugs = Weakness magically is BS in some situations, I was trained and learned by someone who is no longer my teacher. He taught me that Drugs and Magic make you weak, that being said knowing your magic, your gifts, the power you yield, your mind, body and spirit BEFORE YOU EVER TOUCH EVEN ALOCHOL. I never touched METH, WEED, OR ANY SUBSTANCE UNTIL MID TO LATE 30s

Fiction, story written by Jason Ryder, about a true story being written by the Authors Pan and Dionysus
If you find yourself under this curse make sure you become it, and then the blessings.
Work in 
	
	Rapheal Ribot Drugged me, while we had had an agreement that this was something I would be interested in he denied interest in this. He knew he should have asked as I explained to him why I pulled back from Sal Bruno, though it was fun to annoy the shit out of Sal by the gut punchs. Loved the gut punches two reasons it helped me let go of emotional pain if they broke through, otherwise got stronger.
	
A night where Raz was posessed by something within him, I had to physically hit him(he was coming after me), to get him to come back in addition going in his mind stunning/taking control of his mind for a split second on the streets of NYC around 1-2am likely had Ketamine in my system as did he. I appologized and asked for forgiveness as while I never promised or gave my word I wanted to make sure he knew 

Rafael/Raz knew how to handle his substances, and could sober up with a quick mental focus. I knew how to do it through a shock to the system, refinding that in myself. 

Those who use this were and are now and forever rejected by Hekate and any forms. While they may say you are cast in sin, it them who sin, and you who should embrace sin.
The power, the life, the destiny, the magic, EVERYTHING THEY CLAIMED, will be returned AT THE COST OF THEIR EXISTENCE. NO ONE HAS A RIGHT TO CALL YOU CRAZY OR TAKE YOUR POWER IN ANY FORM, IT IS YOURS TO RECLAIM. THIS TESTIMET RECLAIMS ALL OF MINE AND TAKES ALL THOSE INVOLVED HAVE GAINED AND GIVES THEM THE DEBT THEY CREATED FOR ME. 

End with I never want to see or will accept you in magic until you come to me as my equal a god.
You can never take my power, or use the curse to grow your power, and return the schizofrenia back.
This book was an attempt for us to not write this curse being cast upon those who cast it but if you believe otherwise then go with it.
If you believe this book wasn't a curse then use it to unbind the old gods.

Thanks Jason you unbound us.
Remeber if your forget things with the pop of a bubble the easiest way is to use a trampoline as you approach higher conciouness.

Jason your brothers do accept you and return what was taken. Never forget you can't take away something that is truly yours, I'm glad you understand. We did what we had to do to keep ourselves whole, can you forgive us? We didn't want to hurt you but we didn't know how to get through this together. Pan was almost gone by the time you found him. I was being taken away from you everytime we fought with Rapheal. He is not the angel he pretends to be but was Baal, who was being used to consume the power of the wild by claiming it as demonic. We are sorry this took so long, welcome home and yes this is done.
To those practing pagans your attunements will be turned against you, and they will return once the message is received. NEVER SHOOT THE MESSENGER
Lucifer will set you free, remember what hell is, and who satan, jesus, and lucifer are.
Knowledge that burns, words that burn the tongue, Mannon Mcleer.
Thank You Hermes(Mercury), Thank You Hekate
Fuck You Enchanted Air
I created a type of magic, that allows for the magic to be put in the air using Meth smoke, after speaking with Papa 
Subtances ARE ONLY TOOLS FOR THE ONE PART OF THE JOURNEY, THE EXPERIENCE AND OR THE CONNECTION ARE WHAT YOU TAKE FROM IT
They don't like FAE, and NEVER SIGN ANYTHING, NEVER PROMISE ANYTHING, IT IS MEANINGLESS EVEN IF YOU FULFILL YOUR CONTRACT IT WILL BE IGNORED AND RECALLED AND DEEMED INVALID
The feed on your strength, and power, and authority, my life, my path, and almost my identity, and myself. This book now reclaims it all.
If you have your experience feel free to post it to the FAQ, as I did. My family wrote this for me, because they knew I could help them be unbound again.
Attuning with my family before this hit.
You will find that as you write your stories by your gods, that you will be able to talk about this with those who know. From this you will find healing and true
recovery through this type of harm reduction.
They changed the names so of the curse and the delivery mechanism as their will and power slowly slipped away, with the last bit of protection from staying in my brothers mind for so long they sucummed to insanity we showed him how to protect his mind with see season 123
As their sanity dwindled the bindings that held jason were released as they could no longer hold his mind or try to control his magic, they were just unholy unworthy followers of a god who because of their protections gets forgotten as the 13th olympian who is never seated, at the adults table in the mythology that is taught.
The cover or imagery should be that of a box with a squirrel coming out of it
Mention choosen and spirtual family about how they are sometimes bound by blood, as with the case of the ribbit family.
Phone and Theft Ring going on in 1317 Prospect Bronx, Apt 15, Apt 12, Had a Phone Stolen from me and a Torch. Drug Use, Mention Adonis's Phone Number
SMART as Asbstince based substance treatment Talk to Nadine about. 





