PUoQ8tKsJ&g@&r49


for pkg in docker.io docker-doc docker-compose podman-docker containerd runc; do apt-get remove $pkg; done



Starting from recently, my ex Rapheal Ribot has a history of stealing magic, or harming his exes through usage of a curse. My belief is that he moves in to another existance and changes things while attempting to bring the changes in to current. Think string theory. This steems illogical but starting with the evidence that his ex eric litterally stabbed him in the eye, One of his exes he nicknamed TimeLord as he was supposedly a vessel for Kronos, this is untrue as the first god(Titan) that was placed in me before the age of 18 late 90s was Kronos. I have been able to practice time magic most of my life. The first time was I was able to slow and speed up the passage of time. Recently I was able to bring my mom, while we were running late for a train. A train ride and walk that should have taken 15minutes took 3 minutes. We made the train. The train when returning was 15 minutes early.

The next example was Phil aka Kain Marco a pornstar. He and him only had sex once, during that time frame Rapheal said that when they did that all the alarms went off in the surrounding area(Now not sure if this is a Satyr Alarm or Car Alarms. After which he said that he went to Chicago to help him find a new apt, and picked out a perfect one with garden. During that Time frame he mentioned that he may never see him again, that being said he heard a song that was his last song. He said he saved Phil's life by taking out light out of him and giving it to him a gift that he could never repay. 

Now what started happening to me After we were heading towards a break up I started hearing people talking not within my head but around me found that my directional hearing was getting stronger.  This can be evidenced by usage when I was at HomeDepot I was able to locate things in the ailes using it. I was using meth at the time, but I had been lucky to not have a bad reaction. During this time frame, we were getting in more and more fights, he was becoming argumentative or starting to talk  and drone on and on. There was a time frame where it felt like bugs were coming out of my skin, I have never really halocinated unless Weed was involved. They were coming out of my chest and and out of my nipples. I can recall one night where he felt them and he acknowleded them. That being said they stopped. 

